README.md, before:

With [Kobo e-Reader](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobo_eReader) we can highlight [EPUB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPUB) book as annotation that will be kept in the reader storage as XML files. Each annotation will have UUID assigned to it. One XML file will contain multiple UUIDs for the annotated parts of the EPUB book.

This Python script uses combination of `find`,`rsync`, and `grep` to extract the annotations and save them as individual [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) file using the UUID for naming.

I'm using Mac OSX so, plugging my [Kobo Clara HD](https://gl.kobobooks.com/products/kobo-clara-hd) will mount it to `/Volumes/KOBOeReader`. I use one line where:

1. I change dir to the e-Reader (`cd`)
2. `find` annotation files
3. Compare those files whether they are newer or the same with the ones kept on my laptop
4. Copy only newer files to my laptop (`rsync`)
5. Pipe the list of these newer files for processing the XML into individual markdown files


```cd /Volumes/KOBOeReader && find ./ -name "*.annot" -type f -print0 2>/dev/null | rsync -av --files-from=- --from0 --no-relative /Volumes/KOBOeReader <directory where I keep my XML files on my laptop> | grep annot | /<pyenv-version>/python kobo-annot-import.py```

In the Python script I still initiate folder for XML and markdown files.


```
# Define annotation folder
annot_folder = '' # replace with annotation local folder
# Define result folder root
folder_name = 'result' # replace with target folder
```

It will check whether same markdown with the name `Some-Annotation-Text-as-Title-example.md` exists and prevent from overwriting it, assuming the one on the laptop has already been modified. It will then append to `Some-Annotation-Text-as-Title-example (1).md` if content doesn't match newer annotation.


This is a *work in progress*. Always backup properly if not sure on result.

Commit message:

minor update to README to accompany changing script to title base file as fix to #1 (previously using UUID base)

README.md, after:

With [Kobo e-Reader](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kobo_eReader) we can highlight [EPUB](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EPUB) book as annotation that will be kept in the reader storage as XML files.

This Python script uses combination of `find`,`rsync`, and `grep` to extract the annotations and save them as individual [Markdown](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown) file using the annotation text (in my case as sort of title) for naming.

I'm using Mac OSX so, plugging my [Kobo Clara HD](https://gl.kobobooks.com/products/kobo-clara-hd) will mount it to `/Volumes/KOBOeReader`. I use one line where:

1. I change dir to the e-Reader (`cd`)
2. `find` annotation files
3. Compare those files whether they are newer or the same with the ones kept on my laptop
4. Copy only newer files to my laptop (`rsync`)
5. Pipe the list of these newer files for processing the XML into individual markdown files


```cd /Volumes/KOBOeReader && find ./ -name "*.annot" -type f -print0 2>/dev/null | rsync -av --files-from=- --from0 --no-relative /Volumes/KOBOeReader <directory where I keep my XML files on my laptop> | grep annot | /<pyenv-version>/python kobo-annot-import.py```

In the Python script I still initiate folder for XML and markdown files.


```
# Define annotation folder
annot_folder = '' # replace with annotation local folder
# Define result folder root
folder_name = 'result' # replace with target folder
```

It will check whether same markdown with the name `Some-Annotation-Text-as-Title-example.md` exists and prevent from overwriting it, assuming the one on the laptop has already been modified. It will then append to `Some-Annotation-Text-as-Title-example (1).md` if content doesn't match newer annotation.


This is a *work in progress*. Always backup properly if not sure on result.
